publish aar to bintray (#25)
roc-streaming/roc-java: README.md

Additional compilation and linking flags can be specified respectively with `CFLAGS` and `LDFLAGS` gradle system variables

#### Android Release

Release workflow:

>  * make github release with tag version `v-x.x.x`, e.g. `v-0.0.1`

Reviewer: Nitpick: do we need this dash? The usual convention is v1.2.3 instead of v-1.2.3. In roc-toolkit repo we don't have the dash too.

Author: Unfortunately, the plugin only support prefixes which matches `[/@]?([A-Za-z]+[/@-])+`
So, we could use prefixes, like:
- `release/0.0.1`
- `version@0.0.1`
- `v-0.0.1`

Another approach: set version without using a plugin, like this
```
./gradlew build -Pversion=0.0.1
```

Reviewer: That's odd: https://github.com/palantir/gradle-git-version/pull/61#discussion_r124338382

Not very critical, but I'd prefer to use the same version naming across the toolkit and its bindings, to avoid additional source of confusion. So if possible maybe send them a PR or switch to another plugin?

> Another approach: set version without using a plugin, like this

Or maybe just call `git describe --tags` by hand?

Author: I also don't like this dash very much :)
I'll fix this

Additional compilation and linking flags can be specified respectively with `CFLAGS` and `LDFLAGS` gradle system variables

> #### Release

Reviewer 2: Maybe differentiate pure java release from android release
```suggestion
#### Android Release
```

Release workflow:

>  * make sure, that right version has been set in 'build.gradle' file, e.g. `0.0.1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * make sure, that right version has been set in 'android/build.gradle' file, e.g. `0.0.1`
```
